Graph creation tests (#2247)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/mediapipe.md

Note that graph definition loading is not confirming if all the calculators are compiled into the model server. That can be tested after sending the request to the KServe endpoint.
During the requests processing, the logs will include info about calculators initialization and processing the nodes.

> Please note that MediaPipe does not validate Input Handler settings during graph initialization, but graph creation phase (upon request processing). Therefore it is good practice to always test the actual deployment by sending example requests to the KServe endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that MediaPipe does not validate Input Handler settings during graph initialization, but graph creation phase (upon request processing). Therefore it is good practice to always test the configuration by sending example requests to the KServe endpoints before deployment.
```

> Please note that MediaPipe does not validate Input Handler settings during graph initialization, but graph creation phase (upon request processing). Therefore it is good practice to always test the configuration by sending example requests to the KServe endpoints before deployment.

Author: TODO: add to security considerations

Author: added

- Updates in subconfig files and mediapipe graph files do not trigger model server config reloads. The reload of the full config, including subconfig and graphs, can be initiated by an updated in the main config json file or using the REST API `config/reload` endpoint. 

## Known issues <a name="known-issues"></a>
- MediaPipe `SyncSetInputStreamHandler` options are not validated during graph validation, but graph creation:
```

> input_stream_handler {

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to include input streams config as well so user knows what this tag_index refers to.

Author: done

    input_stream_handler: "SyncSetInputStreamHandler",
    options {
        [mediapipe.SyncSetInputStreamHandlerOptions.ext] {
            sync_set {
                tag_index: "LOOPBACK:1"  # wrong index example
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> MediaPipe closes entire application when the index does not match. Therefore test the deployment for correct setting before deploying on production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MediaPipe closes entire application because there's no input stream with tag `LOOPBACK` and index `1` (correct index is `0`). Therefore, test the deployment for correct setting before deploying to production.
```

Author: done
